We had a look at the variables SPSS fall where you can setup your colors or general application wide
variables.
This should only be used for variables.
So if you've got average global stylings you want to set up you should do that here in the global SPSS
fall.
So if you want to set something like body margin one hundred pixels do it here.
Only set up variables in that variables and SPSS file any average styling where you want to assign to
a concrete C as as property instead of a c as this variable should go into the global SPSS file if it
is a global styling or if it is a component specific styling.
Of course in the SPSS file off that component.
Now as you can see here in the global SPSS file we are importing a bunch of as as files out of the box
and you should leave these imports there.
They set up a general look and feel for the ionic application but below these imports you can add any
global styling for any element or any rule you want to add you can there use these variables if you
want but you can also of course just hard code any values whatever your goal is in your application.